Adding of the SWA Slider (Spend Wallet Analysis Slider) (#311)
caravan-bitcoin/caravan: .changeset/small-weeks-film.md

---

> "@caravan/health": major

Author: comment resolved in the commit[https://github.com/caravan-bitcoin/caravan/pull/311/commits/e0b1e14d0870395b64188eb3d8e17358b7469e64](https://github.com/caravan-bitcoin/caravan/pull/311/commits/e0b1e14d0870395b64188eb3d8e17358b7469e64)

> "@caravan/health": major

Reviewer: can you  please close all the reviews that have been resolved ... :)

"caravan-health": patch
---

> Added the SWA Slider and minor improvements in the coordinator as well as exported some left functions from the health-package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added the SWA Slider and minor improvements in the coordinator as well as exported some new tx analysis functions from the health-package
```
